Yeah, really take it
It seems that he has really become a waste
He is willing to be a dog for Brother Zhao
Poor is more than fussy
You don't pee and look in the mirror to see how well you match this stinky dog
Classmates, don't go too far
Open your hands, don't
Open your hands, you are playing with fire
Is Changcheng just a dirty trick you played
This despicable little character
You two have to send your family to my car
Many classmates have already arrived at the Hilton Hotel
My car has only four seats
Wang Cheng can only ask you to take a taxi
Don't worry, I will give you the money for the taxi
You go first
I will go with Zhang Chang
Smelly bitch dare to hit me in the face in public
Sooner or later I will make you submit to me
If you want to get on the car then it won't be a car